Include karton metrics in the readme (#45)
CERT-Polska/karton-dashboard: README.md

The `karton-dashboard` is just a wrapper on the `flask` program, and it works with any arguments accepted by flask. For example `karton-dashboard --help`, or `karton-dashboard run -h 0.0.0.0 -p 1234`. See [flask documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/cli/) for more information.

## Metrics

> Karton keeps track of consumed, produced, crashed tasks for each queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karton tracks number of consumed, produced and crashed tasks for each service (identity).
```
